# Product Evaluation
In order to produce a functioning application that can be accepted by a majority of users, we had to ensure that throughout each stage of iterative development, we evaluated different implementations that we created in our app. In order to evaluate an implementation, we made sure that the app was tested by current students of the university through observation. To produce a fair evaluation, we decided to question two audiences: students who hold a sports membership and students who don’t. This allowed us to understand whether, as a whole,our application would be accepted. We evaluated each implementation based on ease of use and whether it is functional. We allowed our audience to test the implementation and provide feedback by means of a questionnaire. 

It was important to select an appropriate environment in order to evaluate our application. To target students who hold sports memberships, we believed the Indoor Sports Centre was the most appropriate location. Targeting non-members didn’t require us to be in a specific environment but we tried to avoid areas that may have a majority of membership holders i.e sport facilities. To test an implementation, we’d use an android smartphone which already has the application installed with the implementation required to be evaluated. We’d allow the user to test aspects such as navigating through the implementation and testing it. We then asked them to fill out a short questionnaire which is targeted to that implementation specifically. We aimed to have our implementation tested by at least 15 people (members and non-members) to ensure we receive accurate results
.
Alongside the testing of our implementation, we used a questionnaire in order to document our responses. The questionnaire mainly highlighted aspects such as how easy it is to use/navigate the app, whether the user interface is appealing, whether they’d use the app again, if they liked the implementation, etc.

Using the responses from our questionnaire, we then looked into how we can further improve our application. This meant carefully analysing the responses and deciding how we can change that implementation for our final product. For example, when we first implemented the user interface, we received a lot of responses that mentioned the colour scheme was a bit too dark and unappealing. We therefore opted for a much more appealing colour scheme. We made sure to have this re-evaluated and the majority of the responses stated the UI was much more appealing with the new colour scheme. When we implemented the events page of the app, a lot of the responses stated that they’d like an option to filter the results. We took this response onboard and implemented a filter for searching events. This resulted in more positive responses.

Upon observation, we also noticed a lot of users were trying to click on the map logo to view the location of that facility. We therefore decided to implement a feature which allows the user to click on a map icon and view where on the map the facility is.

In conclusion, it is evident that through observation and the use of a questionnaire has allowed our final product to be accepted by a larger audience.

# Questionnaire
Link to Questionnaire: [Questionnaire](Questionnaire/Questionnaire.pdf)

