## High Level Architecture

The high level diagram shows us the two main parts of the system. Firebase is an external service which we will use to handle our user authentication as well as our database and storage system. The Android application we will create has two versions depending on the user logging in and as such, will display a different UI.

We will be using three parts of Firebase in our application. Firebase authentication will be used for logging in and creating accounts. Firebase automatically encrypts passwords for us as well as setting up email templates to send to users for when they forget their passwords. Cloud Firestore is also used as our database for the application. It is a No-SQL database which we will use for storing event information and linking users to their interested events. Finally we will also use Firebase Storage which will be used to store images users upload to display in their profile.

The Android application will be used by the users to display events added to the database by the admins. Furthermore, the application will serve as an information hub for the Sports, Exercise & Health part of the university displaying information about differnet venues at the university along with links to social media, news and membership information. The admin version of the application will also feature the same user validation however the admin UI will only allow the admins to manage current event information and create new events. This will then be sent to Firestore and updated accordingly in the database, also updating the app for regular users. 

## Dynamic UML Diagram

The sequence diagram above displays the data flow when a user is attempting to log into the application. We use the MVC design pattern as well as the observer design pattern. Initally the user enters their information into the view and the controller receives this information. The controller observes the form being changed and waits for the FormState to send a response on whether the input is valid to enable the button press. If the data is valid, the button becomes pressable. If the data is invalid, a reason for why the data is invalid is printed until the controller eventually observes valid data from the FormState. Once the button is pressed, the data is sent to the model which verifies the user information in Firebase. If the login information is correct, it will then return what type of account has just logged in. This allows the controller to tell the view which UI to display to the user.
